`Text` component - Documentation (#1550)
hashicorp/design-system: website/docs/foundations/typography/partials/code/how-to-use.md

## How to use these styles

We offer different ways to apply typography styles to UI elements:

> - [Text helper component](#text-component) - This is the **preferred way** to apply HDS text styles to **HTML elements**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Text helper component](#text-component): This is the **preferred way** to apply HDS text styles to **HTML elements**.
```

> - [Text helper component](#text-component) - This should be the **preferred way** to apply HDS text styles to **HTML elements**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Text helper component](#text-component) - This is the **preferred way** to apply HDS text styles to **HTML elements**.
```

> - [CSS helper classes](#css-helper-classes) - This can be used to apply styles to **Ember components** (or as fallback when using the `Text` helper component is not possible).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [CSS helper classes](#css-helper-classes): This can be used to apply styles to **Ember components** (or as fallback when using the `Text` helper component is not possible).
```

> - [Design tokens](#design-tokens) - This should be the **last resort** when none of the previous options are possible (or when only some of the HDS styles properties  are needed, like `font-family`, `font-size`, `line-height`, etc.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Design tokens](#design-tokens): This should be the **last resort** when none of the previous options are possible (or when only some of the HDS style properties  are needed, like `font-family`, `font-size`, `line-height`, etc.)
```

> - [Design tokens](#design-tokens) - This should be the **last resort** when none of the previous options was possible (or when only some of the HDS styles properties  are needed, like `font-family`, `font-size`, `line-height`, etc.)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Design tokens](#design-tokens) - This should be the **last resort** when none of the previous options are possible (or when only some of the HDS styles properties  are needed, like `font-family`, `font-size`, `line-height`, etc.)
```

### Text component

This helper component provides a handy way to declare an HTML tag and apply to it one of the predefined typographic styles (via CSS helper classes, this happens automatically under the hood), plus a set of other properties like color and alignment.

> For details about this component [see the `Text` page](/components/text).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For details about this component, [see the `Text` page](/components/text).
```
